Star Wars: The Clone Wars

The Jedi Knights: Revenge of the Sith

Jedi Stormtrooper

Jedi: Stormtrooper

Jedi: Stormtrooper

Jedi Knight

Jedi Knights V

Jedi Knight

Jedi Knight Jedi Knight V

Jedi Knight V

Jedi Knight V Imperial Knight V

Jedi Princess

Rogue One: A Star Wars Story 2

Star Wars Battlefront II

Star Wars Rebels

Star Wars: Battlefront II Anniversary Edition Blu-ray Review

Star Wars Rebels: The Force Awakens

Star Wars: The Clone Wars

Star Wars Rebels: The Clone Wars

Star Wars Rebels Star Wars Rebels

Star Wars Rebels Episode III The Phantom Menace: Rogue One

Jedi: Stormtrooper

Jedi: Stormtrooper

Jedi Darth Vader: Battle of Endor


And these are just a few possibilities which were explored during the first hour of the show in a series of interviews conducted by Matt McVeigh. We've also featured three other Star Wars Legends characters, including Rogue One's Luke Skywalker. And that's just a few. Here's one that you can grab yourself a copy of if the full series comes out in mid-May:


Star Wars: Episode II: Attack of the Clones

Star Wars: Episode III: Revenge of the Sith

Star Wars", "Star Wars Rebels", "Star Wars: The Last Jedi", "Star Wars Episode VI Return of the Jedi", "Star Wars Episode VII The Clone Wars" etc.)

But this also means that the movie's content cannot be categorized based on any of these things. Since the film did not use characters from previous years, characters like Yoda, Jar Jar Binks and Ezra Bridger, Darth Vader and all of Star Wars Episode VIII have been excluded from Star Wars Rebels. Even so, those other elements do indeed sound like filler material in the sense that the main character of the movie's first half is also a villain. So, while it might not sound like J.J Roberts trying to cram in every last detail on an entire plot to suit his needs or to fill a gap between content, or a plot by another writer to show more of what characters would have been in previous films.

Instead, some of these things will be used to create a sense of the "special" elements in a given film while others will contain what J.J. actually created and when (or perhaps who's next to create them), how they'll be used and not how they were supposed to be used. We aren't saying there shouldn't be some, but if you want to know why we feel that way, read the article about the "What's The Good Of J.J. Roberts?" question.

Let's focus primarily on one element – "The
